Add usage examples (#1)
parceltrap/docs: README.md

## Usage Examples

All ParcelTrap drivers will return either an instance of `ParcelTrap\TrackingDetails` or will throw an exception such as `ParacelTrap\Exceptions\ApiLimitReachedException`.

```php
use ParcelTrap\Facades\ParcelTrap;
use ParcelTrap\Enums\Status;

$details = ParcelTrap::find('12345');

// The TrackingDetails object provides access to standardised data

echo $details->identifier;                               // "12345"
echo $details->summary:                                  // "Package status is: In Transit"
echo $details->status;                                   // Enum<Status>
echo $details->status->description();                    // "In Transit"
echo $details->estimatedDelivery->format('jS M Y');      // "12th Oct 2022"

// The TrackingDetails object also provides access to raw/unstandardised data from the API

$data->events; // array - Recorded events of the parcel from sender to receiver
$data->raw; // array - Raw payload response from the Tracking API.

// The ParcelTrap driver may throw exceptions as needed.

try {
   $details = ParcelTrap::find('ABCDEFG');
} catch (\ParcelTrap\Exceptions\ApiLimitReachedException $exception) {

>    echo $exception->getDriver();                         // Driver<YourSelectedDriver>
>    echo $exception->getLimit();                          // 10
>    echo $exception->getPeriod();                         // "minute"
>    echo $exception->getMessage();                        // "FedEx API limit reached (10 calls/minute)"
> } catch (\ParcelTrap\Exceptions\ApiAuthenticationFailedException $exception) {
>    echo $exception->getDriver();                         // Driver<YourSelectedDriver>
>    echo $exception->getMessage();                        // "Failed to authenticate connection with FedEx"
> } catch (\Throwable $throwable) {
>    // something else went wrong
> }
> 
> // All ParcelTrap Driver exceptions extend ParcelTrapDriverException so you can catch all:
> try {
>    $details = ParcelTrap::find('ABCDEFG');
> } catch (\ParcelTrap\Exceptions\ParcelTrapDriverException $exception) {
>    echo $exception->getDriver();                         // Driver<YourSelectedDriver>

Reviewer: If we decide to go with the changes from https://github.com/parceltrap/parceltrap/pull/6, then we can have this change here:

```suggestion
   echo $exception->driver;                              // Driver<YourSelectedDriver>
   echo $exception->limit;                               // 10
   echo $exception->period;                              // "minute"
   echo $exception->getMessage();                        // "FedEx API limit reached (10 calls/minute)"
} catch (\ParcelTrap\Exceptions\ApiAuthenticationFailedException $exception) {
   echo $exception->driver;                              // Driver<YourSelectedDriver>
   echo $exception->getMessage();                        // "Failed to authenticate connection with FedEx"
} catch (\Throwable $throwable) {
   // something else went wrong
}

// All ParcelTrap Driver exceptions extend ParcelTrapDriverException so you can catch all:
try {
   $details = ParcelTrap::find('ABCDEFG');
} catch (\ParcelTrap\Exceptions\ParcelTrapDriverException $exception) {
   echo $exception->driver;                         // Driver<YourSelectedDriver>
```
